Add some file to match our github template (#7)
gsoft-inc/gsoft-extensions-configuration-substitution: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> If you'd like to report a vulnerability, please open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/gsoft-inc/dotnet-library-template/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to report a vulnerability, please open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/gsoft-inc/gsoft-extensions-configuration-substitution/issues).
```
